Phil edits to developer (#405)
spack/spack-tutorial: tutorial_developer_workflows.rst

.. literalinclude:: outputs/dev/navigation-and-build-env.out
   :language: console

Working with the build environment and along with spack navigation features
provides a nice way to iterate quickly and navigate through the hash heavy
spack directory structures.

Combinatorics
------------

The final note we will look at in this tutorial will be the power of combinatoric
development builds.  There are many instances where developers want to see how
a single set of changes affects multiple builds i.e. ``+cuda`` vs ``~cuda``,
``%gcc`` vs ``%clang``, ``build_type=Release`` vs ``build_type=Debug``, etc.

As long as the develop spec is generic enough to cover the variations developers can
achieve builds of both cases from a single ``spack install``. 

.. literalinclude:: outputs/dev/combinatorics.out
   :language: console

While we won't build out this example it illustrates how the ``dev_path`` for
``build_type=Release`` and ``build_type=Debug`` points to the same source code.

Now if we want to do most of our incremental builds using the ``Release`` build
and periodically check the results using the ``Debug`` build we can combine the

> workflow from the previous example: dive into the ``Release`` versions build
> environment using ``spack build-env scr build_type=Release -- bash`` and 
> navigate with ``spack cd -b scr build_type=Release``. Note that since there
> are two ``scr`` specs in the environment we must distinguish which one we
> want for these commands. When we are ready to check our changes for  the debug

Author: ```suggestion
workflow from the previous example: 

1. Dive into the ``Release`` versions build
environment using ``spack build-env scr build_type=Release -- bash``
2. Navigate with ``spack cd -b scr build_type=Release``. Note that since there
are two ``scr`` specs in the environment we must distinguish which one we
want for these commands. 
3. When we are ready to check our changes for  the debug
```
